#summary This page is a summary of our results from the user tests.

= Introduction =

We started each user test by explaining the purpose of our application and little bit about how it works. We then started the application and let them use it. We explained to them that they couldn't do anything wrong and if any problems arise that they are our fault. We recorded their reactions, questions, and opinions. We gave little to no guidance while they used the application.


= Details for each test =

== User #1 ==
  * Suggested that we change the settings in the palm so that it doesn't ask about connecting to the GPS.

== User #2 ==
  * Didn't understand what "Pause" was for.
  * Was confused on how to enter a destination.
  * Would have liked to see a drop-down list of bus stops.
  * Typed in "mall" and got back "Claystone & East Beltline" for a arrival stop.
  * Wants to see the stops labeled ("Start Stop", "End Stop").
  * Had a lot of trouble typing in the on-screen keyboard.
  * Typed their address and got back "Fuller & Leonard", this is not the closest stop. (This is due to lack of routes in the database).
  * When the Palm went to sleep, it froze the application.
  * Said they would use it, if they rode the bus.

== User #3 ==
  * When trying to type a "w" in portrait mode they would end up clicking "Exit" (Palm has a broken screen).
  * Was confused by the two stops that were given back. "Which do I go to?"
  * "woodland mall" -> "Ottawa & Fulton" (way wrong).
  * Felt that landscape mode helped.
  * Felt that there should be a "buffer" between the Exit button and the on-screen keyboard.

== User #4 ==
  * Had to move closer to GPS Device to get it to connect.
  * Felt the results need labels ("Get on", "Get off").
  * Wanted a way to reset the input field.
  * Had trouble typing while the Palm was connecting to the GPS Device.
  * "calvin college" -> "Raybrook & Burton".

== User #5 ==
  * Typed in "museum" and pressed return on the on-screen keyboard. This inserted a return in the field. Then tapped "Get Route" and received an XML parsing error.
  * Removed the return character and tapped "Get Route". This resulted in just "Ottawa and Fulton" being displayed along with the error from before.
  * Didn't know what the application was doing when it was restarted. (It was connecting to the GPS Device).
  * Would like to know the "bus number" and the time to be at the bus stop.

== User #6 ==
  * Thought that it was cool that you could simple type "woodland mall" and the application would know where that is.
  * Would like the application if it had more data.
  * Tried to tapping the screen to wake the Palm up after it went to sleep.
  * "celebration north" -> "Wealthy & Lakeside"

== User #7 ==
  * Didn't know how to enter numbers in the palm.
  * Got "Ottawa & Pearl" when he tried to get directions to his house.
  * Thought entering text was too slow of a process.

== User #8 ==
  * Thought that the default application icon (the blue one with the stylus) looked boring.
  * Had trouble entering an "f".
  * Tapped the clock when he wanted to enter numbers.
  * Entered landscape mode successfully after studying the icons.
  * Was pleased with the directions to the destination he chose that is near East Town.
  * Wished there were more labels on the directions, including time and route numbers.

= Things Learned =
  * We should implement more routes.
  * "Pause" should change the "Status" to "paused"
  * While the application is connecting to the GPS Device it should change the status to "connecting..."
  * Label "Start Stop" and "End Stop"
  * Find a solution to prevent the Palm from freezing when it goes to sleep while the application is running.
  * When a destination is not found it defaults to "Ottawa & Pearl."  How can we fix this?
  * Add a "Clear" button to clear the destination input field.
  * Remove return characters when they are input into the destination field.  Or capture them to run "Get Route".
  * Include route numbers in the output.  Stop times would be nice too.